Elaborate on Function.p.bind behavior (#20400)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/operators/instanceof/index.md

console.log(obj instanceof Forgeable); // true
```

For [bound functions](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Function/bind), `instanceof` looks up for the `prototype` property on the target function, since bound functions don't have `prototype`.

```js
class Base {}
const BoundBase = Base.bind(null, 1, 2);
console.log(new Base() instanceof BoundBase); // true
```

### instanceof and multiple realms

JavaScript execution environments (windows, frames, etc.) are each in their own _realm_. This means that they have different built-ins (different global object, different constructors, etc.). This may result in unexpected results. For instance, `[] instanceof window.frames[0].Array` will return `false`, because `Array.prototype !== window.frames[0].Array.prototype` and arrays in the current realm inherit from the former.

This may not make sense at first, but for scripts dealing with multiple frames or windows, and passing objects from one context to another via functions, this will be a valid and strong issue. For instance, you can securely check if a given object is in fact an Array using {{jsxref("Array.isArray()")}}, neglecting which realm it comes from.

> For example, checking if a [`Node`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Node) is a [`SVGElement`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGElement) in a different context, you can use `myNode instanceof myNode.ownerDocument.defaultView.SVGElement`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, checking if a [`Node`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Node) is an [`SVGElement`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGElement) in a different context, you can use `myNode instanceof myNode.ownerDocument.defaultView.SVGElement`.
```

> For example, checking if a [`Node`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Node) is an [`SVGElement`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGElement) in a different context, you can use `myNode instanceof myNode.ownerDocument.defaultView.SVGElement`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to check if a [`Node`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Node) is an [`SVGElement`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGElement) in a different context, you can use `myNode instanceof myNode.ownerDocument.defaultView.SVGElement`.
```
